well that's that's kind of easy one on nowadays with the advances in technology
it's kind of easy typically every ship you know has or every
command is computers available for you to you know do work with an
access so you know whenever you have time you know it's just you can
get on and get on say Facebook for a few minutes or get on to your
email and your family have like you should email you can email along
you know every so often or you know whenever you have time to email
your family or face a Facebook and family if this allow also sometimes
the ships have phone something like yours have phones as you can
you know you still use calling Carson call home but typically I would
keep in touch with my family and friends and significant others
through email while we're out to sea and once you pull into port just
like the rest assured you'll be searching for wifi and trying to
log also is you can call home and call your mom call your your girl
were you born you know whatever that may be so